docs: restructure README header; style/text changes (#184)
imgix/imgix.js: README.md

[![styled with prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/styled_with-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

---
<!-- /ix-docs-ignore -->

- [Overview / Resources](#overview--resources)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [ix-src](#ix-src)
  - [ix-path and ix-params](#ix-path-and-ix-params)
  - [picture tags](#picture-tags)
- [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage)
  - [Overriding ix-host](#overriding-ix-host)
  - [Disabling auto-initialization](#disabling-auto-initialization)
  - [Manually initializing imgix.js](#manually-initializing-imgixjs)
  - [imgix.init() idempotency](#imgixinit-idempotency)
  - [Lazy Loading With lazysizes](#lazy-loading-with-lazysizes)
  - [Custom Input Attributes](#custom-input-attributes)
  - [Null Output Attributes](#null-output-attributes)
  - [Base-64 encoded parameters](#base-64-encoded-parameters)
  - [Default parameters](#default-parameters)
  - [What is the ixlib param?](#what-is-the-ixlib-param)
- [Browser Support](#browser-support)
- [Meta](#meta)

<a name="overview-and-resources"></a>
## Overview / Resources

> **This documentation is for imgix.js version `3.0.0` and up. Those using imgix.js `2.x.x` can find documentation in the corresponding version's [readme](https://github.com/imgix/imgix.js/tree/2.2.3) and [API reference](https://github.com/imgix/imgix.js/blob/2.2.3/docs/api.md).**

Reviewer: I think it's been long enough that we can safely remove this warning.

> **Note:** If a Javascript library for generating imgix URLs is desired, consider using [imgix-core-js](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-core-js) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** imgix.js is designed to run in the browser, manipulating existing `<img>` elements on an HTML page. If you're looking for a JavaScript library that can programmatically generate imgix URLs, consider using [imgix-core-js](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-core-js) instead.
```

> `imgix.js` allows developers to easily generate responsive images using the `srcset` and `sizes` attributes, or the `picture` element. This lets you write a single image URL that is parsed and used to make images look great at any screen size, by using [imgix](https://imgix.com) to process and resize your images on the fly.

Reviewer: Can we move this paragraph up so it's the first thing under the "Overview / Resources" header?
